Alia Bhatt
987 100 ft Road,
Bangalore 560023
9984571235
mamthashank@xxx.co
m
OBJECTIVE:
To work and excel in Data Science and grow with the company.
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Experienced Machine Learning Researcher with a demonstrated history of working
in the computer software industry. Over 7 years of experience in scientific data
analysis, design and implementation of mathematical models and algorithms.
Practical hands-on experience in exploratory analysis, data visualization, machine
learning algorithms, and the general modelling pipeline.
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
TERRABLUE XT
• Research and implement classification algorithms for detection of epileptic
seizures using physiological time-series data.
• Improved upon the accuracy of existing algorithms by incorporating non-linear
and chaotic features
• Implemented algorithms for peak detection and artefact removal of biomedical
signals.
• As a part of a team, designed and implemented a real-time machine learning
framework for human emotional state/activity recognition.
• Mentor budding data scientists.
• Tools used: R, Matlab, Python, PostgreSql, Hadoop, Hive, Neo4j
FLATURA DECISION SCIENCES AND ANALYTICS
• Was responsible for providing core business solutions using structured and
unstructured data using Machine Learning, Statistics and Rich Graphic
Visualizations which enable the business users to make quick decisions.
• Researched on various SNA Methods, Algorithms and Tools to analyze Large
Scale Enterprise Data.
• Explored various Graph Databases and Visualization methods to represent social
relations.
• Implemented Map Reduce Algorithms to analyse large graph.
• Tried to resolve power distribution issues like identifying the power leakage
points using graph theory.
• Tools used: Hadoop, Hive, Giraph, Gephi, Neo4j, Python, Scala, Java, R, Jquery
and Javascript, D3, NVD3, Highcharts, Google Chart API.
EDUCATION
Master of Science, Bangalore University, Bengaluru, Karnataka (March, 2015)
Major: Computer Information Systems in Business Minor: Mathematics
Graduated summa cum laude GPA: 3.98/4.00
Bachelor of Science, Christ University, Bengaluru, Karnataka (March, 2015)
Major: Computer Information Systems Minor: Mathematics
Graduated summa cum laude GPA: 3.98/4.00
TECHNICAL SKILLS
• Data wrangling, data visualization, supervised and unsupervised machine learning
algorithms, statistical inference, hypothesis testing, AWS
• Hadoop ecosystem, Spark, Kafka, Storm, Azkaban, MSSQL, MYSQL, Postgres, MongoDB
WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Scientist/Researcher, TerraBlue XT, Bengaluru (April 2017 to Present)
Data Scientist, Flatura Decision Sciences and Analytics, Bangalore (2015-
2017)
