Amandeep Singh
Address: DE-130,Tagore Garden, Delhi-110027, India
Ph.: +91-9953548756 E-Mail: amansudan024​@gmail.com
Education
Class/Course
M.Tech (CSE)
University/Affiliation
IIIT-Delhi
Percent/CGPA
​8.5
Year of Graduation
2016
B.Tech (CSE) GGSIPU 80.20 2014
XII​th ​
Standard CBSE 90.80 2010
X​th ​
Standard CBSE 90.60 2008
Skills
Programming Languages & Frameworks Python, HTML/CSS, jQuery, Django, Materialize, Bootstrap,
Wordpress, C/C++, Java(J2SE), Git, Android, Docker(Beginner)
Operating Systems Linux, Windows, Android
Professional Experience
Digital Green​ (Greenpark, Delhi) July 2016 - Present
Designation​ : ​SDE-I
Job Responsibilities ● Involved in development of training courseware mobile application in
Android.
● Involved in developing email automation scripts for Digital Green’s Loop
project.
● Key responsibilities included total ownership of the mobile application along
with the Dashboard for monitoring the progress.
● Involved in developing in house Analytics product backend.
● One of the core developers involved in launching the company’s latest
website. This involved extensive JS, CSS (Media CSS for responsiveness).
Technologies Python, Javascript, Android.
Professional Projects
Project title​ ​: ​VConnekt
Project briefing ​: Social platform where people with relevant skills gets connected. Relevant people are
matched from various parameters like skills etc through a series of algorithms. One becomes
mentor and the other becomes mentee through the above connection
Role : I worked on connecting Facebook Api , Collections and Posts, Also worked on profile module and excel
uploads for Admin.
Technologies​ : Python, Django, HTML, CSS, JS
Academic Projects
Project title​ ​: ​TrafficJaam​ : Traffic Alert and Estimation Android Application
Project briefing​: The application alerts the user when to start preparing to leave for the office depending
upon the traffic conditions on the way. A historical analysis of the traffic conditions is also
shown along with an estimation for the next day.
Project title​ ​:​ ​MetroBuddies : ​An Application for social networking among Metro Travellers
Project briefing ​: ​The application aims to develop a social network among metro travellers based on their
travel routes, time and interests.
Project title​ : ​Clubify
Project briefing :
An Android application developed specifically to be used inside the IIIT-Delhi University campus. The
application provides a one stop destination to view all the activities going on in various student clubs of
IIIT-Delhi. Users can join clubs and subscribe for any updates.
Activities and Achievements
● Core team member of the IEEE student team.
● Successfully organised ​LeThAc​ (Learn Think Act) , an Open Source Conclave at GGSIPU.
● Won Silver Medal in Basketball at Zonal level.
Interests And Hobbies
● Gaming
● Workout
● Music
● NBA
● Whatever Elon Musk is planning next
