Darshan Chaudhary
Github: github.com/darshanime · Phone: +91-7795394755
Email: darshankchaudhary@gmail.com · Web: https://darshanime.github.io
Industry Experience
Software Developer Draup · Bangalore, India · 06/2017 - Present (11 mos)
Built internal services used for making sense of data at scale - company names, location, translation
Maintained the infrastructure for Draup - using Terraform to provision, Jenkins for CD, Ansible to build
Maintained Draup platform’s core backend web application with new features, bug fixes
Product Development Engineer Appknox · Bangalore, India · 06/2016 - 06/2017
Designed and built the internal CRM module used for end-to-end managing of all client accounts.
Designed and implemented a centralized, containerized logs processing pipeline (collection+filtering+visualization)
for all the projects of the company based on the Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana (ELK) stack. Deployed it
using Docker Machine, with Compose for orchestrating the containers.
Maintained Appknox’s core backend web app with new features, test suites and bug fixes.
Machine Learning Intern Exponentia Datalabs · Mumbai, India · 06/2015 - 12/2015 (6 mos)
Designed an age-gender prediction pipeline for a client wanting to keep a tab on the profile of customers
visiting the company owned supermarkets. Implemented the pipeline using caffe(the deep learning framework),
OpenCV and SciPy stack. The model read the CCTV feed, used background subtraction algorithms for motion
detection, detected faces using Viola-Jones algorithm, passed the cropped faces to a convolution neural network
which output age and gender to be stored in MySQL database.
Personal Projects
Open source contributions Contributed to Heimdall, Sympy, Scrapy, Zulip
Made bug fix contributions to Sympy, Scrapy and other open source projects.
Computer Science notes Open sourced personal computer science notes
Topics included Machine Learning, Operating Systems, Compilers, Golang etc. Well received by community -
github.com/darshanime/notes
Algorithmic agents to play games Implemented Minimax, Expectimax, Markov Decision Processes
Agent successfully played non-deterministic games like 2048, Pacman with adversarial/random ghosts (oppo-
nents), zero sum games like Tic-Tac-Toe etc.
Sandpiles simulation program Ability to record visualizations
Wrote a program which allows defining generalized sandpiles and an initial state to begin with and simulates
it till it reaches a stable state with the option to record final state and/or intermediate states.
Mortality Prediction System Outperformed standard industry scores like SAPS, MPM
Used an ensemble of SVMs created using the SciPy stack to create a mortality prediction system for ICU
patients. The dataset used to train the ensemble included time series readings of 6 body vitals and 25 lab
measurements for each patient with a final binary label indicating patient’s survival. Model outperformed
commonly used acuity scores, such as APACHE, SAPS, MPM, and SOFA.
Tutorial series for Scrapy Multi-part deep dive tutorial
Wrote a four part tutorial series showing how to scrape data from popular websites. Talked about how to
handle websites making heavy use of JavaScript.
Darshan Chaudhary 1 April 2018
Education
BITS Pilani BE (Hons.) Mechanical Engineering · 08/2012 - 06/2016
University Honors Program. CGPA 7.69/10
BITS Pilani Minors in Finance · 08/2013 - 06/2016
University Minors Program. Courses included - Stock Markets, Accounting, Derivatives and Risk management
Delhi Public School, Gurgaon Higher Secondary Certificate, (Class XII) · 2012
Percentage achieved: 91.0% · Subjects: Informatics Practices, Maths, Physics, Chemistry
Delhi Public School, Gurgaon Secondary School Certificate, (Class X) · 2010
Percentage achieved: 91.2% · Subjects: Maths, Sciences, English
Computer Skills
Languages Python, Go, Java, C, Bash
Domains Data Structures, Algorithms, Operating Systems
OSs | Databases GNU/Linux | PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB
Version Control Git
Cloud Providers Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud
Containerization | Orchestrators Docker, Kubernetes, Docker Compose
Miscellaneous
Organizer of Bangalore Advanced Machine Learning Meetup (1600+ members)
Gave talks about mortality prediction using ML, reinforcement learning at above mentioned meetup
Host of The Open Internals Podcast - https://openinternals.com/
Maintain a blog at https://darshanime.github.io/til
Emacs evangelist; successfully converted multiple Vim users to Emacs
Volunteered at the Harvard Model United Nations Conference 2014, Hyderabad
Built an All Terrain Vehicle (ATV) for participating in SAE BAJA 2015
Member of various clubs during undergraduate degree including ELAS, Embryo, Bulls and Bears, CRUx
Darshan Chaudhary 2 April 2018
