DIGANT A PATEL
Contact No: +91-9725261127, 7990355234 Email: digantpatel92@gmail.com
Address: B-24, Hiramoti Society, Skype: digant.patel312
Chandkheda, Ahmedabad
OBJECTIVE:
To work with an Incredible team with whom I can learn, grow, teach, work and share things and who are always ready
to take initiative for the new challenges.
WEB RESUME: http://innovativemate.com/bio/
EXPERIENCE
SKILLS
• Vast experience in the field of React JS, Redux, ES5-6, Javascript.
• Front-end development skills like HTML, CSS, jQuery, Wordpress, Bootstrap, responsive design etc.
• Data structure and algorithm
• NodeJS and Express (beginner level)
TECHNICAL EXPOSURE
 Developing new user-facing features using React.js
 Experience with popular React.js workflows such as Redux
 Developed a demo app using GraphQL and MongoDB with React.
 Building reusable components and front-end libraries for future use.
 Translating designs and wireframes into high quality code.
 Optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and
browsers.
 Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements.
 Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model.
 Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles.
 Familiarity with RESTful APIs.
 Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as GIT.
COMPANY START DATE END DATE ROLE
Digistretch June-2014 Currently working
Front-end Dev,
REACT JS, Javascript
developer
PROJECTS
 Argomi
Code: https://github.com/Digant312/Client-Demo
Technologies/tools used: ReactJS, Redux, ES6, Typescript, Bit-Bucket, JIRA, npm and Visual Studio Code.
Duration: 8 months
 Appointment Booking Web App
Live URL: https://calender-app.herokuapp.com/
Code: https://github.com/Digant312/Calender_App
Technologies used: ReactJS, Redux, Redux Form, ES5, Material UI, API handling.
Duration: 1 month
 Dynamics G-Ex
Live URL: https://info.dynamicsgex.com.au/home-page
Password: 1971soxialweb
Technologies used: JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Hubspot, HubDB.
Duration: 6 months
Features implemented: Full website developed, Live chat, E-commerce product handling, Product data fetching
from database, Drag and drop functionality, Product review, Workflow implementation etc.
 Jatana
Live URL: https://www.jatana.ai/
Technologies used: JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Hubspot, HubDB.
Duration: 3 months
Features implemented: Full website developed, pop-up form, API integration with filled form data and database
integration.
 Jargon Finder App
Live URL: https://bit.ly/2Hlmfvv
Duration: 1 month
Jargon Finder App is simple web app using Javascript and jQuery, but contains twisted logic. Client need to
provide text box where user can write/paste their text or paragraphs, application highlights the Jargon phrases
from it, which is actually stored in server side database, and particular requirement is to compare the whole text
with the database content (around 700 phrases) every time by calling APIs, also calculates the number of
occurrence and gives the icon marker to the line containing Jargon phrases.
 Layer3 TV
Live URL: https://layer3tv.com/
Implementation: Full Website development
Duration: 4 months
 FurstPerson
Live URL: https://www.furstperson.com/
Implementation: Full Website development
Duration: 3 months
Furstperson provides the hiring assessment tools and services as per client requirement, makes hiring
process faster, easier and better. I worked as a front end developer and develop the whole website on hubspot
using html5, css3, Javascript and jQuery. As the project scope contains some twisted filters and dynamic pages
based on the data in database, it was the most challenging and motivational part for me.
ACADEMIC DETAILS
HOBBIES
• Coding
• Reading blogs
• Hang out with friends
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the
responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.
Digant A. Patel
QUALIFICATION UNIVERSITY YEAR RESULT
B.E(E.C) GTU 2014 8.24
H.S.C. School of Achiever,
Gandhinagar
2010 87.60%
S.S.C. Mani Praphu High
School, Ahmedabad
2008 90.00%
