 SAS believes in the whole employee experience. Meaningful work. Empowerment to make a difference that changes people’s lives. Dynamic work environments that foster innovation. And an award-winning culture that makes it all possible. We believe great ideas can come from anywhere. Whether you're a university recruit, or an experienced professional ready for the next big challenge, SAS brings perks, passion, and the potential to grow. No limits.\n \nBe a part of something groundbreaking…\n SAS is moving our development teams and software into the cloud under a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) model. This is an opportunity to be part of a first of its kind product and service here at SAS! We are looking for a strong, diverse and talented group of engineers to help us get there.\n \nAs part of an agile team delivering cloud infrastructure, code and architectural guidance you will be working across the boundaries of development, test, information technology and enterprise hosting to pursue new challenges focused on the Customer Intelligence domain.\n \nHow your work will make a difference…\n You will have a wide array of opportunities to contribute to satisfaction of our customers by assisting with the design of our cloud infrastructure, continuous delivery tools and processes, and reliability and performance of our software applications.\n \nIn one of these roles, you will work as a software developer on the SAS Customer Intelligence solution suite. You will be building cloud-ready software with high availability and scalability as part of a self-driven agile team that delivers customer-ready software to satisfy business requirements at the end of every iteration.\n \n Your duties will include:  Developing scalable data platform for Customer Intelligence solutions Perform development-level testing and writing unit tests Providing support for software in the field Prototyping and demonstrating solutions Working closely with the agile team (product management, usability analysts, UI developers, and test)\n Essential Requirements:  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field A minimum of 5 years' experience developing Java applications Cloud development Experience developing scalable big data solutions Developing REST API’s and Cloud Based Applications Experience developing large scale software Background with object oriented design Relational and object data models as well as SQL Development experience in UNIX and Windows environments\n Equivalent Essential:  Associate's degree in the same fields plus 9 years of stated essential qualifications ~ OR ~ High school diploma (GED) plus 11 years of stated essential qualifications\n Additional Requirements:  Excellent problem-solving, organizational and programming skills Experience with Agile, specific practices of Scrum and TDD Excellent estimation abilities in scoping work in a highly complex multi-tier system Good verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently and with a team Proven track record of delivering innovative software solutions Experience working with training and documentation teams Experience working with Technical Support on customer related issues\n Preferences:  Experience with enterprise system concepts… High availability Real-time performance Scalability Security Amazon Web Services TcServer, Spring, and Hadoop SAS Platform\n SAS looks not only for the right skills, but also for a cultural fit. We seek colleagues who will contribute to the unique culture that makes SAS such a great place to work. We look for the total candidate: technical skills, culture fit, relationship skills, problem solvers, good communicators and, of course, innovators. Candidates must be ready to make an impact.\n \nSAS believes in the whole employee experience. Meaningful work. Empowerment to make a difference that changes people’s lives. Dynamic work environments that foster innovation. And an award-winning culture that makes it all possible. We believe great ideas can come from anywhere. Whether you're a university recruit, or an experienced professional ready for the next big challenge, SAS brings perks, passion, and the potential to grow. No limits.\n \nSAS looks not only for the right skills, but also for a cultural fit. We seek colleagues who will contribute to the unique culture that makes SAS such a great place to work. We look for the total candidate: technical skills, culture fit, relationship skills, problem solvers, good communicators and, of course, innovators. Candidates must be ready to make an impact.\n \n Additional Information: \nTo qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status.\n SAS is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.\n The level of this position will be determined based on the applicant's education, skills and experience.\n Resumes may be considered in the order they are received.\n SAS employees performing certain job functions may require access to technology or software subject to export or import regulations. To comply with these regulations, SAS may obtain nationality or citizenship information from applicants for employment. SAS collects this information solely for trade law compliance purposes and does not use it to discriminate unfairly in the hiring process.\n \nWant to stay up to date with SAS culture, products and jobs? Follow us on LinkedIn