 Canadian Based Candidates Only Global eTraining is an award winning eduTech company focused on training products in the Architecture, Engineering, and Construction verticals. We are currently looking for someone who can refine and rebuild add-on software that “plugs in” to other applications using API’s. This person should also be able to navigate basic database administrative functions. Additionally, the person should be comfortable in all phases of software creation, from design and development to testing and deployment. This position is a team of one reporting directly to the CEO, so the ability to translate complex technical concepts to laymen terms is essential for long term success. There is another team of web developers working on partially related products as well. You will need to fully understanding the executive’s visions, putting these ideas into action. The ideal candidate will work in C# as well as have a deep understanding of APIs (RESTful, SOAP, etc). You should not be married to Microsoft products, please. Our legacy product is in C# meaning that your first three months will be spent in C#, if there is a better more elegant solution, we are open to other options later in this project. We may use all the relevant parts of Scrum (AKA ScrumBut) and may use Taiga for our Sprint Planning and management. This is a virtual/remote full time position, so you will be required to work from your own home office. Do not let the work from home aspect fool you, this is a full-time job with a full-time workload. Ideally candidates will be from Calgary or Edmonton, but they must be in Canada. While a sense of humor is not required, it will help. REQUIREMENTS 3+ years experience developing software applications. Experience working in a product development environment. Computer science degree, diploma or equivalent experience. Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C# code Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Ability to create products that deploy en masse behind firewalls Proficient in C#, with a good knowledge of its ecosystems Strong understanding of object-oriented programming Skill for writing reusable C# libraries Familiar with various design and architectural patterns Knowledge of concurrency patterns in C# Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server Experience with popular web application frameworks, such as Nancy Knack for writing clean, readable C# code Understanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Creating database schemas that represent and support business processes Basic understanding of Common Language Runtime (CLR), its limitations, weaknesses, and workarounds Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Proficient understanding of code versioning tools {{such as Git, SVN, and Mercurial}} Familiarity with continuous integration Experience with MySQL and/or general relational database concepts. Experience in writing unit tests and acceptance tests. Passion about producing elegant, maintainable code. Ability to interface with business stakeholders and engineers. Please share any of the following, where available: Link to your GitHub profile. Links to your LinkedIn profile. Links to any previous work you are proud of, and feel best showcase your talents. Anything else you care to share that you feel is relevant to the position. Job Type: Full-time Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Software Development: 4 years Required language: English