CURRICULUM VITAE 
Sayan Bhattacharya
Mobile No.: ​+91 9874423386
E-mail id: ​sayan.bhattacharya11@gmail.com
Career Objective: To gain experience by working in a professional environment and to contribute to
a project by tackling challenging problems and in the process gain deep expertise in technology and
domain.
Professional Experience:
Misys Financial Software: 2015 March to 2017 July Associate Software Engineer
Fairfest Media: 2017 Aug to Current Software Engineer
Educational Qualification:
B.Tech in Computer Engineering
University:West Bengal University of Technology
​
Technical Skills:
● Python,Elixir,Db2,Flask,Django,MySQL,Java,Git,Redis,Celery,Twisted,
PostgreSQL,Rabbit-mq,Nginx,Selenium,Data Structures– Proficient
Behavioral skills: ​I am an agile person who would like to work within a challenging environment
that may keep on changing with emerging technologies but that’s what I intend to do—to learn new
things, gain expertise by doing and put them into a concrete model/practice. I’m a fun loving guy
who loves to work with team members and brainstorm solutions, build on each other’s ideas and
enjoy solving complex problems. I also like to pursue critical topics through extensive research and
going deep into a topic. This not only enables me to learn the best way to apply technology to solve
the issues at hand but also helps me keep myself updated and gain expertise in new topics.
Projects Undergone in Misys Financial Software [March 2015 to July 2017]
● Wrote multiple API’s for IPD(Islamic Profit Distribution) a Misys product ,in java for fetching
Base Code Rates from Essence(Core Banking application) side so that other shared
applications can get the xml report of the responses accordingly. Used Soap UI for testing
● Was one of the important contributors for Bug clearing of YOMA Bank’s issues with the
product for the BFUB 4.2.5.5 release
● Currently working in the China Requirements project where we are enhancing various core
banking modules like Fixed Deposit,Multi Currency Account and sub Account inclusion
feature using Java. For the 5.0 release React framework was used for developing new
screens
● Developed the Recurring Deposit Module with the China Team for the 5.0 release
● Fixed 60 odd issues with for Essence releases from 4.2.3 to 5.0
 
Comparison of VaR values using various models for Misys’ internal Hackathon
VaR or Value at Risk of an Equity was calculated using Normal Distribution VaR, Monte Carlo VaR,
Mixture Distribution VaR and Extreme VaR for our Fusion Risk product report using IPython, jupyter
Notebooks, Anaconda. The project was presented as idea for an internal hackathon which was
appreciated for being an original work for the product
● Duration :2 months
Team Size : 2
Projects Undergone in Fairfest Media:[Aug 2017 to Current]
Revamped the existing search of Snapcard application using ElasticSearch.
Snapcard : - https://getsnapcard.com/
Built and deployed API’s that were exposed to the Front end using Django.
Built an OCR service in Flask using Spacy which is a microservice talking to Snapcard.
Implemented a Couch cache before a relational Postgresql backend for each CRUD
operation to increase performance.
Built crawlers to fetch hotel data from various hotel data aggregator websites using
Python,multithreading,BeautifulSoup,Selenium,Twisted,multiprocessing.Replaced Celery
with a lightweight Task Queue for asynchronous operations.
Used AWS S3 for storing images.
Currently Learning: -​ ​ Elixir to understand better how to program.
Hobbies and Interests:
▪ Keeping updated with latest technology trends
▪ Reading books on various topics
