Genevieve Kua
Email: gkua@xmail.com.au
Mobile: 96584412573
Seeking full-time opportunity in machine learning/data science related role
A machine learning engineer passionate about cutting-edge technology and solving real-world problems, with
previous experience in finance managing risk, leading a lean team and developing new products.
KEY SKILLS
▪ Machine Learning/Deep Learning ▪ C++
▪ Computer Vision ▪ MatLab
▪ Strong coding ability ▪ Source Control (Git)
▪ Statistical analysis ▪ Python
▪ Scikit-learn ▪ SciPy
▪ Pandas ▪ NumPy
▪ OpenCV
▪ Tensor Flow, Keras, PyTorch
EDUCATION
Monash University
2014 - 2017
Bachelor of Science (Computer Science)
Academic Achievements
 2016: Lane Finding and Vehicle Detection and Tracking
 2015: Kaggle: The Nature Conservancy Fisheries Monitoring
 2014: Open Source MS in Computer Science
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES
✓ Effective Communication Skills: Articulate communicator with an appreciation for the different
communication styles required when working with team members or customers.
✓ Honest and Reliable: Strong morals and ethics ensuring honesty, reliability and ability to
responsibly undertake tasks.
✓ Flexible: Understanding of the need for flexibility in order to support last-minute demands and changes.
Comfortable with changing environments and situations, ensuring ability to remain flexible and
adaptable at all times.
Genevieve Kua |  Email: gkua@xmail.com.au |  Mobile: 96584412573
✓ Time Management: Dedication to effective prioritisation and management of time by allocating tasks
and recording activities in diaries and daily to-do lists.
WORK EXPERIENCE PLACEMENT
Alphonso Data Science - Machine Learning Engineer JANUARY 2017 - Present
Machine Learning Engineer with Data Science firm supporting small businesses optimize their business with AI
and Data Science.
Achievements and Contributions
• Responsible for designing and maintaining a food recommendation system that uses both content-
based and collaborative-filtering approaches
•
• Designed and implemented a graph database using Neo4j, allowing for sophisticated real-time
product recommendations with a significantly smaller code base
•
• Created a synthetic dataset to assist in model development and evaluation during pre-launch of the
start-up without data acquisition costs
Testimonial
“Genevieve worked with our organisation during a 3-month internship opportunity. We selected Genevieve for
her mature approach to this position and her very strong communication skills. She did not let us down and
over the 3 months she developed key skills while proactively contributing to the work environment. We wish
Genevieve all the best of luck in her career and can strongly recommend her as an employee”
—Mick Smith, Director, Alphonso Data Science.
VOLUNTEER PLACEMENTS
Child Support 2010 - 2013
Provided support during various fundraising activities for local community group. Assisted at events and
gatherings including providing suggestions to help meet fundraising targets. Personally attended
various events, including spending time with homeless youth in Melbourne CBD.
Community Gardens Volunteer, Sao Rejio 2011 - Current
Worked in community gardens assisting members of the local community with planting and caring for
allocated sections. Assisted with setup and preparation of community garden, including general repair
and maintenance works.
PROFESSIONAL REFEREES
Joanne Boyle Allan Blue
Manager Maintenance Manager
Child Support Sao Rejio Community Gardens
Phone 8745145654 Phone: 7745699582
Genevieve Kua |  Email: gkua@xmail.com.au |  Mobile: 96584412573
