Kenneth Thomas
Email: kent@xmail.com
Mobile: 8556451235
Seeking graduate-level opportunity in a management consultancy firm
Personable and astute student with proven time-management and collaborative skills developed through
internship programs and volunteer engagements. Highly articulate individual, confident working with diverse
cultures and situations in which cultural awareness and appreciation are integral. Strong academic
background, maintaining above-average results. Invited to participate as member of the Golden Key Honours
Society. Knowledgeable and keen graduate with solid theoretical business understanding and some practical
experience. Seeking opportunity to start a professional career with the long-term aim of working as a
management consultant.
KEY SKILLS
▪
Client Engagement and Support ▪ Records Management
▪ Report Development ▪ Scheduling
▪ Research ▪ Change Analysis
▪ Statistical Analysis ▪ Process Development
▪ Business Administration ▪ Policy Analysis
▪ Proposal Development ▪ As Is & To Be process review
▪ Customer Service ▪ Process re-engineering
▪
Business Development
Software Skills: Microsoft Word ~ Microsoft Excel ~ Microsoft Outlook ~ Firefox ~ SDSS
EDUCATION
University of Delhi
2014 - 2017
Bachelor of Business (Commerce)
Academic Achievements
 2017: Commendation: “Highest Academic Achievement” in Business Law
 2016: Invited into Golden Key Honours Society in recognition of above average results
 2015: Commendation: “Highest Academic Achievement” in Statistics
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES
✓
Effective Communication Skills: Articulate communicator with an appreciation for the different
communication styles required when working with team members or customers.
✓
Honest and Reliable: Strong morals and ethics ensuring honesty, reliability and ability to
responsibly undertake tasks.
✓
Flexible: Understanding of the need for flexibility in order to support last-minute demands and
changes. Comfortable with changing environments and situations, ensuring ability to remain flexible
and adaptable at all times.
Kenneth Thomas| Email: kent@xmail.com | Mobile: 8556451235
✓
Time Management: Dedication to effective prioritisation and management of time by allocating tasks and recording
activities in diaries and daily to-do lists.
WORK EXPERIENCE
SMITH MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTS - INTERN July 2017 – December 2017
Internship with management consultancy firm supporting small businesses with guidance on business
management and policy development.
Achievements and Contributions
 Client Engagement: Worked with clients and provided general support under direct supervision of
Management Consultant. Managed client files and followed up key actions.
 Business Administration: Assisted with general business administration tasks including responding
to incoming enquiries and preparing proposals for clients.
 Report Development: Prepared reports following customer site visits and meetings. Accurately reported
outcome of meetings while identifying tasks and activities that required follow up by client or consultant.
 Research: Undertook extensive research to develop an understanding of various legislation
and regulations relevant to clients' requirements. Collated research into client files and firm's
information library.
 Business Development: Contributed to reviews of marketing opportunities for sourcing new clients.
Provided recommendations, including increased social media interaction, which were received positively.
 Process Development: Documented key processes for customers to assist with developing solid
understanding of their capabilities. Reviewed all activities and provided As Is process maps.
Testimonial
“Genevieve worked with our organisation during a 3-month internship opportunity. We selected Genevieve for
her mature approach to this position and her very strong communication skills. She did not let us down and
over the 3 months she developed key skills while proactively contributing to the work environment. We wish
Genevieve all the best of luck in her career and can strongly recommend her as an employee”
—Mick Smith, Director, Smith Management Consultants.
VOLUNTEER PLACEMENTS
St Vincent De Paul 2012 - 2016
Provided support during various fundraising activities for local community group. Assisted at events and
gatherings including providing suggestions to help meet fundraising targets. Personally attended
various events, including spending time with homeless youth in Melbourne CBD.
Community Gardens Volunteer, Melton
2016
- Current
Worked in community gardens assisting members of the local community with planting and caring for
allocated sections. Assisted with setup and preparation of community garden, including general repair
and maintenance works.
PROFESSIONAL REFEREES
Joanne Boyle Allan Blue
Manager Maintenance Manager
St Vincent De Paul Society Melton Community Gardens
Phone 9980045687 Phone: 8651289725
Kenneth Thomas |

Email: kent@xmail.com |

Mobile: 8556451235
