Matthew Claus
Email: matthewclaus@asdfghjkl.com.au
Mobile: 8554756632
Seeking graduate-level opportunity in a management consultancy firm
Personable individual with proven time-management skills developed from ongoing casual employment while
studying and undertaking internships and volunteer placements. Highly articulate individual able to work
confidently with diverse cultures and situations in which cultural awareness and appreciation are integral. Strong
academic background with above-average results. Invited to join Golden Key Honours Society. Knowledgeable and
keen graduate with solid theoretical business understanding and a range of practical experience. Seeking an
opportunity to start a professional career with the long-term aim of working as a management consultant.
Key Skills:
▪ Client engagement and ▪ Proposal development ▪ Process development
support ▪ Customer service ▪ Policy analysis
▪ Report development ▪ Business development ▪ As Is & To Be process review
▪ Research ▪ Records management ▪ Process re-engineering
▪ Statistical analysis ▪ Scheduling
▪ Business administration ▪ Change analysis
Software Skills: Microsoft Word ~ Microsoft Excel ~ Microsoft Outlook ~ Firefox ~ SDSS
EDUCATION
Monash University
2014 - 2017
Bachelor of Business (Commerce)
Academic Achievements
2016: Commendation: “Highest Academic Achievement” in Business Law
2015: Invited to join Golden Key Honours Society in recognition for maintaining above average results
2014: Commendation: “Highest Academic Achievement” in Statistics
VOLUNTEER PLACEMENTS
2015- Current Community Gardens volunteer, Melton Volunteer Assistant
2014- 2015 St Vincent De Paul Fundraising Volunteer
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES
✓
Effective Communication Skills: Articulate communicator with appreciation for different communication styles
required when working with team members or customers.
✓
Honest and Reliable: Strong morals and ethics ensuring honesty, reliability and ability to responsibly undertake
tasks.
✓
Flexible: Understanding of the need for flexibility in order to support last-minute demands and changes.
Comfortable with changing environments and situations, ensuring ability to remain flexible and adaptable.
✓
Time Management: Dedication to effective prioritisation and management of time by allocating tasks and
recording activities in diaries and daily to-do lists.
Matthew Claus | Email: matthewclaus@asdfghjkl.com.au | Mobile: 8554756632
WORK EXPERIENCE
SMITH MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTS - INTERN (JANUARY 2017 - MARCH 2017)
3-month internship with management consultancy firm supporting small businesses with guidance
on business management and policy development.
Achievements and Contributions
Client engagement: Worked with clients and provided general support under direct supervision of Management
Consultant. Managed client files and followed up key actions.
Business Administration: Assisted with general business administration tasks including responding to incoming
enquiries and preparing proposals for clients.
Report Development: Prepared reports following customer site visits and meetings. Accurately reported outcome
of meetings while identifying tasks and activities that required follow up by client or consultant.
Research: Undertook extensive research to develop an understanding of various legislation and regulations
relevant to clients' requirements. Collated research into client files and firm's information library.
Business Development: Contributed to reviews of marketing opportunities for sourcing new clients. Provided
recommendations, including increased social media interaction, which were received positively.
Process Development: Documented key processes for customers to assist with developing solid understanding of
their capabilities. Reviewed all activities and provided As Is process maps
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
KSMART (2017 – Present)
CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGER
This casual position supported general customer service demands while also assisting in the processing
of customer lay-bys and stock requests.
Achievements and Contributions
Customer Service: Provided customer service at registers, lay-by counter and on retail floor. Responded to all
customer enquiries, providing support and guidance as required.
Cash Management: Ensured accurate management of all cash sales. Counted out all amounts of cash in front of
customers to minimise conflict and ensure accurate reconciliation of daily sales.
Stock Control: Returned stock to floor and assisted in restocking of products as required. Supported visual
merchandising standards while setting up new displays and rotating required stock.
Transaction Processing: Created customer records when processing lay-bys, stock movements and refunds.
Ensured stock was allocated and all required information was accurately recorded.
Sales Reconciliations: Assisted shift supervisor in reconciling ad hoc and daily sales transactions. Provided support
through re-checks while helping to resolve discrepancies.
PROFESSIONAL REFEREES
Joanne Boyle Carmen Smith
Manager Customer Service Manager
St Vincent De Paul Society KSmart
Phone 9454654489 Phone: 7682146514
Matthew Claus |

Email: matthewclaus@asdfghjkl.com.au |

Mobile: 8554756632
